Wei
I will go to the company with you today.
Obviously they will definitely find fault with what happened yesterday
It's okay, let's go
Brother-in-law, come on.
Give my sister a good outlet today, OK OK.
What happened to Lin Ziwei last night?
Let you accompany Wu Shao well
You're yelling nonsense
Wu Shao hit you
Have you completely rejected Haiyue Group?
Keep in mind
You still have the face to ask today
You actually arranged for that scumbag to design me
Okay, you white-eyed wolf.
We are thinking about you.
You actually bit Lu Dongbin
Grandma, we are all kind
I see.
Lin Zhiwei, I don't want to talk nonsense with you.
Since you can't get 2 million
Well, then give your dad's shares in the company
Take it out for credit
Your house is also up for sale
grandma
Do you have to kill them all?
kill
It wasn't me who did what your dad did back then
I have already surpassed your family.
roll
From now on
You are no longer members of the Lin family
Make sure to let just leave you